Fix links to devtools (part 2) (#14966)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/howto/css_faq/index.md

## Why don't my style rules work properly?

> Style rules that are syntactically correct may not apply in certain situations. You can use [DOM Inspector](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/add-ons/dom_inspector/index.html)'s _CSS Style Rules_ view to debug problems of this kind, but the most frequent instances of ignored style rules are listed below.

Author: The DOM Inspector has been removed, transformed as an add-on, then dropped. A style pane has been created elsewhere. Let's link to this one.

```suggestion
Style rules that are syntactically correct may not apply in certain situations. You can use [Rules view](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/page_inspector/how_to/examine_and_edit_css/index.html) of  _CSS Pane_ of the Inspector to debug problems of this kind, but the most frequent instances of ignored style rules are listed below.
```
